My service histories quite long because I was in a total of twenty four
years over three different decades. But basically speaking my major
deployments were one year in Vietnam at Phu Bai and Cat Tien and doing
my cryptologic linguist duties. And then later deployment was for
three months at Mu Nei going tot the and the Air Force facility in
northern Thailand there was just south of the NTN Los and I got a
good worst retail about that if we ever get together and then when I
got back I got in the reserves and I have done reserve duty sometimes
training and sometimes a productive training in San Diego Cole Florida
NSA at fort Meade Maryland it headquarters naval security group
Washington DC Pentagon London in the UK Naples Italy and for tourists
in Misawa Japan and the northern islands north part of the island
Honshu the major island Japan as the saw airforce base again in the
crypt logic facility up there now all of those to put its reciting
I love the travel I love the people I love the work